Testing testing testing 1.
2 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
3 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
4 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, cool.
5 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1, so I would rather be the performance.
6 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Accomplish because tomorrow is the.
7 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Students students, we just want to add it.
8 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah.
9 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, what and what I have done here.
10 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This so I have a scan.
11 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
All the answers all your answers. Okay.
12 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And if you want, you email me.
13 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And I will, uh, I will email you, uh, the 1 that I'm, uh, the 1 that 1.
14 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So that's overall, um, is very good. So.
15 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this is just I have not published it yet, because I will wait for tomorrow's tomorrow's, uh, students to.
16 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To publish them together so there are, um.
17 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
In with the marks here and the 4 months is 20.
18 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I see a lot of good marks, uh, 20 months and so forth.
19 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
16 or 5.
20 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, so, yeah, some empty because these students will sit for tomorrow's, uh, Chris 1. mm. Hmm.
21 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And so I just brought a little bit.
22 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1.
23 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
24 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
There are 1 of the total of 100.
25 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Empty empty.
26 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
86 students, so the plans, uh, the, the speakers have not.
27 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
6, yeah, they will see for tomorrow. So these are the.
28 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, I will only publish together when everyone has received the exam.
29 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And again, um, if you want if you want, uh, these are all the.
30 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The scan, so you can see what is what you have done, right? Or what you can improve. Okay. So.
31 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
That's, uh, I will, um, continue with this.
32 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
With, uh, where we stopped, uh, last.
33 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Last week, last week.
34 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Soon.
35 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, last week, uh, we have started, uh, some 7 slides.
36 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Introduce you to the, uh, series and parallel network combination.
37 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, here we and then we also use a, we also learn a current.
38 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Current divided theory last week currently write a theory last week.
39 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in here, so, from now, on, which when you see a problem or a question.
40 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
In 3rd, and they will be.
41 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Many knowledge or black knowledge.
42 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, not just 1 part of knowledge, so you might use, uh, current provider and then you might use.
43 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I don't know how to make it as a total resistance. So, in this example.
44 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, I mean, I thought we do, and I s.
45 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
In this order, this means, uh, I focus and then try to find.
46 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We do next and then try to find I s, next.
47 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, here, we, uh, we can see that, um.
48 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Here you can observe that. This is too in parallel.
49 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And what do we learn from a parallel parallel uh, resistance? They are parallel means same voltage.
50 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Means same voltage.
51 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, now, uh, if we want to find out for.
52 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Immediately, you know, hey, this.
53 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And so I will do it all.
54 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, this, this voltage.
55 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is the same as this voltage.
56 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the stamp has this voltage because they are.
57 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
In parallel, so if we know that this is 12 volts.
58 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This branch must be and this branch must also be books.
59 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, if this is 12 volts.
60 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this is 8.20so immediately.
61 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We can use, um.
62 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Oh, slow because current is voltage.
63 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divided by resistance, therefore, I thought these voltage of that, which is 12 volts divided by the resistance in that branch, which is endpoint to Geno.
64 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, did therefore, I thought is.
65 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
1543000000.
66 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So we have so I'm form, so we want to solve.
67 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We do next, so we do is.
68 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is, uh, here.
69 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we can know that this 2.
70 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
How to add are 3 are in parallel so.
71 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
2 v2, so that's the 1st step but, um.
72 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Let's let's, uh, summarize.
73 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To be blue box is going to be a total.
74 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, the good blue box after the.
75 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I hope you still remember.
76 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To the case special case of 2 resistance in parallel, we do not get to use the normal formula. We use only.
77 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, if we have to, uh, resistance in parallel, not 3, not 4, we can use.
78 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Formula which states to get the total is, uh.
79 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The 1st register in. Hello?
80 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Multiply by the 2nd, resist to 0.
81 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divide that by the 1st resist term.
82 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Plus the 2nd resistance, so this special formula.
83 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And from only 2 registers in parallel.
84 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
That we can find the out of the so, once we find the after the, it is 1.82nodes.
85 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, we can now this branch.
86 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The of the orange.
87 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the blue, the orange is 6.8kilohertz.
88 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the blue box as a result, and or total, we have just found out it is 1.80.
89 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, when we when we want to find a way through.
90 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Because this too is.
91 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah, and now it's already summarized as 1.8kilo for these 2 has been summarize.
92 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As 1.8kilo, so all slots states that we do.
93 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is the voltage across this.
94 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The same voltage because it's already summarized the same voltage across the 1.80so. We true.
95 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Both law states that voltage is B, goes to. So we do.
96 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is, um, um.
97 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
At 1.8kilo, which is.
98 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, the blue box, but we do not know. Yeah.
99 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I want so the best.
100 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The best is to find the now so the, I want.
101 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This now we found now, this 1 is by 1.
102 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this is still and, you know, that.
103 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
There is, uh, the the orange and the blue box are in series.
104 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, when they are in series, so I want.
105 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The law I work is voltage.
106 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divide that by the resistor in series, so resistant in series.
107 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We add them so, 12 volts divided by 6.80.
108 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Last 1.8kilo, so then we get 1.4Million so the same current costs in series.
109 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Current is the same no splits or anything? No. Split in.
110 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, current is the same so when, uh, we know I.
111 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, we can update the week 2.
112 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The V2 across.
113 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The blue box, the way to cross the blue box is all.
114 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The current we just found it's 1.4000.
115 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the blue box, the total resistance is 1 point in.
116 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Therefore, the voltage to a way through is.
117 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
1.4Million multiplied by 1.8kilohertz.
118 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We got 2.52votes.
119 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
2.52votes.
120 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To buy 5:2:books so now I'm.
121 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, observe that we, we use many, uh, techniques.
122 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We use the techniques that says, uh, voltage are the same for federal resist parallel branches.
123 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
That we use the technique.
124 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To parallel resistors can be summarized as.
125 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
After the, and then we use the theory or the concept that.
126 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Same will be the, the current will be the same when.
127 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It flows into the same series circuit.
128 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we use both law and now we obtain.
129 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I want after we've updated, I want now we updated we need to.
130 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So so there are several techniques, but trying to use the easiest way. So now, if we observe, uh, this, uh, note.
131 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Because the last tasks for us is to find so this not just, uh.
132 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Right it on the site, this node the is flowing here.
133 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And that is branching out 1 is here.
134 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And 1 is here so the branching out.
135 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Because this is I for which we already.
136 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Obtain as.
137 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The 1st, 1, I thought is 1.43000.
138 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the branching out the next 1 is here is on 1, which we also.
139 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Already updated as 1.4.
140 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1 is 104 the Mbps.
141 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this 1 is 1.43.
142 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, what, uh, what theory should we do to get a.
143 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is the best story at this moment?
144 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Casey, so, um.
145 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
From the 1st objects, you can see that a current is.
146 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Or you can use the, the theories of okay, how in this road.
147 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
How many arrows going in and how many arrows going up? So, let's say the arrows going in in we say it is positive. I guess.
148 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The arrows going out, we write it as negative.
149 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1 is another arrow going out right? S, negative.
150 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we, uh, equal 8:2:00.
151 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we already know I want we already know therefore we can.
152 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Slides, uh, I s.
153 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Which is 2.830002.3000.
154 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, hopefully you can.
155 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
When you attend the center, uh, see the overall feature.
156 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Which 1 is the, the best and.
157 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The easiest and the best to solve to solve the problem. So.
158 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, this now, just now, we have done it, so, this is just like, uh, another working same working. We have already done it just now. So I will go to the next 1.
159 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in this 1, uh, this is the full circle.
160 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And they asked us to find the currents, which means we were asked to find I, a.
161 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I want I do.
162 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I B, and I see.
163 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And I'll see so.
164 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello, I think the best, uh, can I ask, uh, this blue box.
165 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is because this.
166 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is split it right? Uh, 3 D. we don't know yet.
167 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, we don't know this current because, uh, I'm just writing it actually the, the orange we don't know. Yet I fall.
168 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, okay, um.
169 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I think, um, we have not 6.8volts. Okay.
170 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We know 6.8volts. So then if we know 16.8volts.
171 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Why not we summarize all these, uh, elements into 1 after 2.
172 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Then we know what is the from there we can find.
173 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I, I because I is the current flowing.
174 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
From does voltage sauce.
175 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You can use the old slot, um, because we know 16.8books. And by this time we also know our total.
176 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We also know after them, so.
177 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
How to get our total this means.
178 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Let's start with the purple as to just draw it as a purple box.
179 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, here, obviously these 2 are in are in parallel so are in forever and remember.
180 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Formula for federal 2.
181 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Special case for 2 resistance in parallel. We, the formula is that.
182 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The 1st resist the multiplied by the 2nd register.
183 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
By that by the 1st resistance, plus the 2nd is is done.
184 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in this case, 6 are multiply by 3.
185 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divided by 6+3 so the purpose.
186 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As the total I call it.
187 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Total that if it was 2 to.
188 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It was the 2 hours, so this couple of 2 OEMs.
189 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Here this branch, you can obviously see that.
190 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is forms and this purpose is 2 OEMs. There are in series.
191 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in series, man means we can act the 2 resistance. So, for plus the purple.
192 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
2 hours we will get 6 homes. We will get.
193 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
6 hours and we observed that.
194 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Does this so this branch is 6 or as a whole.
195 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this 6 hours as a whole, we can observe is in parallel.
196 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
With the the 3 OEMs.
197 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
In in, in parallel with 3.
198 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, and also we can use the.
199 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, 2, this means if I draw it.
200 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
6 and 3 here, 603 we can use the same.
201 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, the same, um, special formula 6 multiplied by 3.
202 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divide that by 6 0.
203 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
+3 so overall, it will become.
204 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This too, as an overall will become 2, 2.
205 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Now, look at this too. This is 906.
206 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
There are 2 resisters in parallel, so we can use.
207 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, 9 the same formula to make it a total.
208 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So 9 multiplied by 6 divided by 9+6.
209 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And you got some value, so no.
210 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Now, so this 1.
211 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1, we already obtained as a whole.
212 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Just now that's the whole.
213 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And now this 2.
214 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, this 2 in parallel, we can summarize.
215 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, that's the whole and this value.
216 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, we at the end, I will throw it here.
217 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, this as a whole is 1.
218 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this as the whole is 1.
219 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So these 2 are in series, so as the whole.
220 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You can add them in series.
221 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And when do you do that?
222 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, so are the steps of this? Uh, I'm not sure, but this is.
223 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
5, 5.600hours.
224 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You can do it at home to prove it.
225 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
5.6or, as the whole.
226 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As a whole, and so as a whole.
227 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the, the current from the source is.
228 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Obviously, we know 16.8volts and we know our total 5.64you can use both slow to get.
229 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I so I is 16.8divided by 5.6.
230 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
3 Mbps so now we.
231 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Of 10, uh, 3, 3.
232 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we obtain 3.
233 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, once we know the the rest will be.
234 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Better for us yeah, because.
235 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 3, some of them we split here. Some of them is split here.
236 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we can use which techniques.
237 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To find, uh, I want an, to the current dividers, divide us for a special case.
238 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This means to find I want, so my, my strategy is defined i1. I look.
239 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Especially in case States, look at the opposite.
240 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Which is 6, so the part I want look at the opposite.
241 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
6 divided by 6+9.
242 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Multiplied by the original, the total for 3.
243 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Fine, uh, to look at the opposite.
244 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Which is divided by that.
245 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
9+6 multiplied by.
246 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The total current origin, the total origin current, which is 3.
247 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So you can you see the update.
248 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I want and I too and.
249 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Some logics from the conservation or current, so when they are splits now they are combined recombined again.
250 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, when there is no loss of current, so I want.
251 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Plus i2 will get back 3.
252 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So there are 3 MVPs later then it will.
253 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Recombine to get back the 3. so the 3 we flowed through here.
254 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And you can see it is split again, split to 2.
255 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
2 branches I. V, and I see 2 branches. So I joined here. It's better. So these 3 coming from from here.
256 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, redrawing it this 1, it will split. I and and is.
257 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The the re, results and.
258 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Resistance for this branch is 6 hours.
259 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And I see these 3 orders, and again, you can use the special formula for the.
260 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Current devices for to resistance if you want to find.
261 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Look at the opposite resistance, which is 3 Ops.
262 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divided by 3+6 multiplied by the original current.
263 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And if you want to find look at the opposite.
264 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is the which is $6000.
265 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divided by 6+3.
266 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Multiplied by the original content, which is to abacus.
267 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, here, okay, now you have.
268 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, everything you have for I, I want tied to and I see.
269 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, but 1st of all strategize.
270 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, do not, uh, attempt immediately, uh, find the best way, or the.
271 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The the easiest way to get.
272 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Your your values and then, um.
273 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Then use all the knowledge from the previous.
274 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Previous, uh, 4 weeks, previous 4 weeks.
275 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this is just the same steps.
276 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The same steps that we have, um.
277 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Just now we have.
278 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Now, we have, uh, gone through just now, so we.
279 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I hope, um, now, uh, it's the time to.
280 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And you are making notes making no sense of course, using on the current divider theory, the host law parallel resistance.
281 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And then, so, so be careful, uh, this is 3 resistance in parallel so you cannot use the special formula.
282 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But these 2 resistance in parallel, you can use the special formula to find the total resistance. So just be careful.
283 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So we want to find, uh.
284 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We want I do, I fall and we 5 5.
285 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, let's let's do a step by step.
286 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Let's do step by step.
287 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I have a, um.
288 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, the best, I mean, the best strategy tips is.
289 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, okay, the best thing is, uh, like the previous, uh, previous approach, uh, previous approach, we make, uh, everything.
290 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Total, and then we can immediately find.
291 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I I sauce or because usually we are given the voltage.
292 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, we are given 24 volts.
293 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
24 volts so the best is to.
294 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Summarize this, um, as, uh.
295 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As a whole, uh, our total Dash, and then summarize this as, uh, our portal dash Dash, and then add them in series.
296 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And remember that, um.
297 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We, uh, these 3, we cannot use the special formula. We must use the long formula.
298 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
1, over our total for this case is 1 over 6.
299 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
+1 over 6+1 over 2 re, rearranging it back.
300 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So R. D. is 1.2.
301 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Oh, we call it architecture, so it's not totally totally. Yeah.
302 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And what is branch on the right?
303 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
For this branch on the right this, we can use their special formula.
304 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To get like a total total for this branch.
305 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, it multiplied by 12 divided by it last 12.
306 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I have written here is 4.8.
307 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this 1 as a whole is 1.2.
308 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Whoops, and this 1 as a whole is 4.14.8.
309 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this 1 is 24 votes.
310 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Therefore, because.
311 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is the same that flows from the both the sauce.
312 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Which, which during the we use the.
313 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, if we have this, uh, I s, top to 5.
314 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Oh, so so is what takes over resistance, voltage over resistance.
315 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, please enter your answer in.
316 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, in the in the.
317 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So you can see in this lecture folder, uh, 2024+uh, 2 for Wednesday.
318 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, for the 1st time 1st question, I will give, uh, more time I will give 200 seconds. Plus maybe the 1st time you take time to.
319 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Enter the system, so this Wednesday.
320 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is this session is called Wednesday.
321 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It it may.
322 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
24, so now, I think you might be able to see in your device.
323 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But it's okay the 1st, 1, the 1st question, I give.
324 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
A long time so that so when when I start with you will have, uh, 200 seconds.
325 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And you will be able to see the question.
326 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, the, this 1st year to find.
327 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I s, fine I guess.
328 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, what we have learned so far.
329 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Very good. Uh, we just want to know how many students 61 students today.
330 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The 3rd thing is 61, 63 students.
331 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But still have time, so because the 1st.
332 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Cluster, uh, the time to load.
333 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To take time to look into the system, so I'll give the 1st question a bit longer.
334 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Longer remember this.
335 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
1.24.8 in series.
336 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, you can use your knowledge, uh, when they are in how you can.
337 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this should be what should be adding right? So we added.
338 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
A total resistance don't have the resistance.
339 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The total of resistance resistance.
340 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, once you, after you find, I s, it's quite easy because.
341 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You can use 3rd divider divider.
342 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, let me find the later. So, let me see, just for a while the progress.
343 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, for election, 71 students.
344 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And, um, the so well done.
345 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
That's the try it again.
346 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Next 1st year, and then actually the timer.
347 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
50 seconds 15 seconds 1.
348 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It most students left to to answer you have 50 seconds.
349 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
50 seconds, so then, um.
350 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Just wait for a while for most of those 3 months to those.
351 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And, um, 3 students.
352 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, to.
353 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
71 students attend this lecture today, so we're done.
354 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, for very, um, right this and good numbers. So I think, uh, so almost there.
355 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, okay, um.
356 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, are you use, which is, uh, 24 volts divided by 1.2+4.86 so you will get.
357 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I s, is.
358 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But, actually, you know, it here you already know I, I wrote it here. I forgot to cross this. I forgot to close this.
359 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But it's okay, and now you, you can see.
360 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
When, you know, uh, 4, here, what is this?
361 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Kevin display the current split, but you have to be careful. You cannot use the special formula.
362 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Or the 2 case 2 resist the in parallel because.
363 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
There are, uh, 3, uh, resistance, um.
364 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
There are 3 resistors. So you need to use the long normal formula where, if you are to find.
365 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, I and let's say you want to find I to.
366 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You must you must, um, total, so our total of this.
367 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Which is here you already know our team.
368 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divide that by that out too.
369 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Multiply by the eye total, which is for.
370 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I think a lot of answers already given.
371 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I I think let's do it.
372 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, population mm. Hmm.
373 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we have 100 seconds to find.
374 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I too. I too.
375 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in 100 seconds to find a steps to get to.
376 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
377 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is this 1.
378 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Just a minute Doug.
379 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, I do.
380 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah, let me see the progress. Most students.
381 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
75 students, uh.
382 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I will, I think the timer on the space.
383 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Let me check how many more? 25 seconds more.
384 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I have to.
385 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, so I think, uh, I will show the answer here so the using a lot, the general or not formula is.
386 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
0.8yes.
387 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, when the 3 channels, which was split up now, read to be recombined.
388 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the end, you will get back.
389 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
For so that's logical for split.
390 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Then they, they are going to recombine to get back for MTS this for will go here. And we'll split.
391 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We'll split and.
392 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And so now if you want to.
393 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Get to use eye to eye for. You can use a special formula.
394 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, our for is to get a look at the opposite branch and a 12 divided by.
395 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The total 12+8 multiplied by form so you get 2.4.
396 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So.
397 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The unknowns is, um.
398 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The next question for you is v1, 1, 2.
399 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is the best? Yeah been a few techniques.
400 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What do you think are the best, uh, the easiest way to get? We want to.
401 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay.
402 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, let's try, uh, WH, how to get the 1. okay the 1st thing is I give you a very good old.
403 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The voltage there they are in parallel, so in parallel the voltage.
404 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It's the same so the work page here is.
405 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The voltage here also equal to be 1.
406 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The whole page here is also referred to the v1. So that's the tips that I gave.
407 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And then your friend said it's useful snow, so use the fact that.
408 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The voltage we want we want, and now please use pumps though.
409 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To obtain B1. Mm hmm.
410 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Please use those law to obtain. Uh, so.
411 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So all good results and.
412 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Please use the to obtain.
413 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
B1.
414 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You're seeing the fact.
415 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We want we are the same for the federal and then use both slow.
416 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I'll give you tips cause now you already know you don't know the current here. You don't know that correctly. You know, the current, right?
417 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, the voltage across are through.
418 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is, uh, Karen multiply by resistance?
419 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, 1 is here is equal to is equal to be 1 because.
420 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah, in parallel when do you see the parallel.
421 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Where parallels resistance we want this is.
422 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We want this is because they are in parallel in parallel the voltage I've seen.
423 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, I see in series, the current.
424 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Just so, let me check.
425 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Please finish so this 1.
426 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, uh, so you observe.
427 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Although it's mentioned v1, but it's 1 is here we want also here.
428 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We want to is.
429 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Current that we just obtain just now 0.8.
430 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Multiplied by 6 months.
431 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So that is 4.8volts 4.8volts.
432 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And last, but not least, uh, uh.
433 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As a whole, um, uh, this 1 is.
434 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I thought just now, we have already to use the special formula to, to get.
435 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And, uh, let's go to.
436 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
5, so.
437 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, uh, what is the best way to find.
438 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Similar project, uh, so.
439 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
If the, uh, so this is for.
440 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Oh, is your split? Because which we are asked to find 2.4.
441 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1 is how many Mbps if this 4 is split into 2.4this 1 is how many Mbps.
442 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
1.6is 1.6so 5.
443 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is this okay?
444 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, also, but another approach either student wants to use differently so I will throw it here.
445 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, this to resist this in parallel.
446 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this is still, uh, poor, sir.
447 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
4 Mbps, so these 2 resistors in parallel. Okay. Let's say this to this. I don't want to use this.
448 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Maybe I want to make them.
449 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As a total this 2:8:total.
450 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As a result is what it times 12.
451 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Divided by 8 last 12. how much is that? You saw capitalism.
452 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, 8+10xby divided by +1. Hmm.
453 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
4.8yes 4.8bones.
454 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So so D, they the student might want to say I want to.
455 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, to use the.
456 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is, uh, is current for multiply by.
457 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
By the top, the resistance because.
458 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Here here is the.
459 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Test in parallel to make it s.
460 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1 and here is, uh.
461 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This 1 is also be 5 because I have been better.
462 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay.
463 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, that's, uh, you can use, uh.
464 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But, I mean, it's the 1st thing is, uh, easy. The 2nd, 1 is.
465 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Faster so you, you know that you can use this immediately. So let's do the next question.
466 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is what is.
467 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Remember, uh, is this 1 this mean? This is also be 5, right?
468 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, you can use the car slow for this 1 as well.
469 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So no issue so which 1, which whichever you want to.
470 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But if as I mentioned here, if this is.
471 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
If this is 5, this must be be 5 so you can use.
472 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This directly also for this branch directly.
473 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah, I think almost all.
474 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Got it right? So I will.
475 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, proceed with the with the next.
476 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So that is, uh, 2.4xby, 8 volts.
477 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
19.2volts okay.
478 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, for this, uh, this is a challenge question.
479 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But I will not go through because can go it at home. I already put a answer here.
480 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Because we want to finish by today so that you can study for them. Exactly.
481 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, week 5.
482 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Week 5 yes, we found this week. 5.
483 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yes, yes, 3 speak for it.
484 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, sweet. Okay. So are.
485 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, I will, um, so you have 1 week.
486 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yes, so I will, uh, make it.
487 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Good for you. So.
488 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, and here is current source.
489 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this is voltage source.
490 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is a resistor about this stuff. If this is 10 volts.
491 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
No matter the resistor let's say there is there is 1 funeral homes.
492 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, the resistance is 2. kilowatts. Okay.
493 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The voltage source will not change, it will be fixed at 10 goals. So we have a new situation.
494 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
A new symbol, which is call current source.
495 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Carbon sauce and.
496 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
A load or a resistance a current source let's say a 1.
497 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is the symbol of current source so whatever happened to the note whether it's 1 kilo or, uh, 2 kilo or 3 kilo.
498 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The current will be maintained, so in the electronics or electrical engineering.
499 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
As, for example, the battery, your battery is.
500 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What data source, because the load changes, it's still maintain your battery maintain stable. So directly is considered as a voltage source.
501 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, uh, another application, like, dial.
502 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, transition, uh, they are current sauce.
503 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Because it produces current, it doesn't matter.
504 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is the load or what is the resistor.
505 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It's still produced the fixed, so that is.
506 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
A new symbol this is called a current sauce.
507 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
2.
508 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in general, current source determines the direction and of the current in the branch where it is the filter.
509 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, here here is the symbol of the current source.
510 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, and if the battery or the voltage sauce.
511 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We write here last time, maybe 10 goals or 5 roles.
512 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Firewalls and so forth the current source we write next week, uh, in terms of how many MP, uh, how many many.
513 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
How many? Many Mbps so that is, uh, current.
514 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, in this example, the current source is that very.
515 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And, uh, resistor is 20, for example.
516 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, he can still use.
517 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this if you observe, uh, this is in series.
518 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, we can use, uh, tag really.
519 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
1, what each 1.
520 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is that multiplied by 20.
521 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
By by 30 and so that is.
522 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, 400 volts, 200 books.
523 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, so so I will go to the announcement.
524 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Announcement so, uh, next week, uh, they will be.
525 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
With them for you for you, you will.
526 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You will, uh, you are agile on Wednesday.
527 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So you will, you will get, um, you will do it for 1 hour.
528 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, 10:30:until, 11, 30.
529 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, because this 1 is which 1 is only for the small 1:30:minutes.
530 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But this is for 1 hour, so we will.
531 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, we will, it's like a is halfway so we will cover all the.
532 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This materials, this materials so, up to today today is.
533 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Lecture for, and this which tutorial you are going to do in class tutorial for.
534 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, uh, but, uh, I will.
535 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It's not going to be hard. It's not I will not make it hard. Just, um, average, average from average.
536 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And so this is the source condition if we.
537 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Depending on how we want to solve a 2nd, if we have a current sauce.
538 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Current source we want to convert because perhaps it's true.
539 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It's a current source, but in terms of circuits solving, we need to.
540 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And put it into, uh, what it sauce.
541 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So then you can be, uh, soft easily.
542 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, let's look at this 1, so this blue box.
543 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, it's, uh, voltage sauce with a.
544 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, perhaps for solving, uh, to be simple to solve you want to.
545 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Or would this blue box into a current source with a resistance?
546 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, voltage sauce in series it serious.
547 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And the current source is in parallel.
548 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, for example, 6 books and 2.
549 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You use, uh, to convert into current source because the current is.
550 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Log the voltage 6 divided by 2. OEMs. So you right here.
551 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Next 2 week, 3, you next next to the current source, you write 3.
552 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this means you have successfully converted this blue box.
553 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Into this, another blue box and to convert if the.
554 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The resistance is in series with the current source.
555 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
When you convert, so when the resistance in series with the voltage source.
556 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
When you convert the resist the same resistance.
557 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We will be in parallel with the current source. The resist the value will not change.
558 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
When is 2 hours. This is too.
559 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is the layout previously the resistor in series?
560 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Now, the resistor in parallel and of course, the current.
561 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We use all slot to get the value of the current source.
562 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We get the value of the current source vice versa vice versa. So if you have, uh, current sauce.
563 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You want to convert this blue box on the right?
564 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So be careful about the sauce you can do that also.
565 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So you can if this is 3.
566 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And this is 2 arms. So what all SLAs states that voltage is current.
567 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Multiplied by resistance, so.
568 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
3 multiplied by 2 is 6 books and a resistor will remain the same. The resistor will be in serious with the voltage source.
569 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So this is this is for the source corporation techniques.
570 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Provision that needs to me.
571 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Sure, um, I was I was I will go to that and I'll come back. Yeah, I will go to that. Now you can see here.
572 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, for some is more suitable.
573 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To be using current source to solve the 2nd.
574 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Samsung, a Samsung, or what is.
575 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It would be difficult. So, let me convert to a current source to solve the system to make it easier.
576 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
577 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This from serious to parallel.
578 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, um, the, the, the rule is.
579 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The current the voltage sauce is series.
580 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The current source in parallel, so this means the current source cannot be.
581 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The Register cannot be in series.
582 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yes, so that's the rule and also exactly. So this will be like this. So.
583 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The voltage source will be in series with a resistor and the current source will be in parallel with the resistance and vice versa. So if you want to call it.
584 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This can go from left to right? Or from right to left.
585 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Right so let us, uh, do 1 example here.
586 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, here we, uh, we had, let's focus on the left.
587 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I want to so, here, the blue box is the.
588 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, the, what the sauce with.
589 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
With the R. S in series and then is connector.
590 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Connector to the load this is stuff. Phones.
591 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Homes.
592 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And so.
593 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
How to get, uh, I load so I think, you know.
594 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Overall is a series, right? Serious. And you can use to get.
595 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I, LL is voltage over total resistance.
596 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, if you look at here, I am.
597 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is a voltage and these 2:2:OEMs and forms are in series. So I think.
598 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You know, the answer, you know, the answer. So I give you.
599 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And I will give you the I already explained.
600 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Let me go back to the to do that. Let's.
601 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To replace and, um.
602 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Go back to that place just now, um, continue.
603 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Go back to that place.
604 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This this is the place just now, go back to the sessions in progress.
605 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, so, uh, the, the next question is, what is the I. L or.
606 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And I know you can see this is, uh, series.
607 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This is just both slot can we use? So.
608 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The next question is that what is the.
609 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, for this.
610 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Think, um, and very suitable, so let's.
611 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Continue Thank you doing.
612 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So it was 1 Mbps honestly is 1.
613 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So now, if you convert this, you do the conversion from this blue box to.
614 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
The current sauce you can see that.
615 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
This will be 3 Mbps for the current source and the same register. 2 homes.
616 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And here, the white part around our load is still holes.
617 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, can if we look at the right.
618 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
If this is 3 from here.
619 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I believe you agree with me, it will split, right?
620 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Split so I looked.
621 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You use which techniques.
622 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Kevin currently wider for this.
623 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
3 split to this, uh, you can use the special formula for 2 resistance in parallel.
624 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But to resistance in parallel, so, uh.
625 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I looked okay, so I think, you know, you know, the.
626 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, you know, the formula special resistance, a special formula for 2 resistance in parallel.
627 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Get the I know.
628 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Just to get this item, because here is 3.
629 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To flow here and it's lit up.
630 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Some will go here we want to find so we know the 2 owns and follows.
631 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So we can now 10, uh.
632 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We can download it. I, uh, so, uh.
633 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So 3 areas split.
634 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I am, I am.
635 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I, LL is go to, uh, look at the opposite branch and so forth. I just mentioned.
636 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Last last few few slides somewhat examples.
637 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Let me see the progress. Okay. That's very good. Um.
638 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I have is, uh.
639 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I, I'll use the current divider theory. Divider. Do you need.
640 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I'll use the current divider theory, finish 3 seconds. So I am.
641 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It's, uh, 2 divided by, um.
642 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, this mistake here, 2+4 is 6 multiplied by 3? Yes.
643 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, 2+oh.
644 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
2+4xby 3.
645 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And last, but not least before we take family breaks.
646 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, if this is, what is the L.
647 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What is, uh, V. L. so we already know I am.
648 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And we know are also, I believe you can use your knowledge.
649 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
To get a V. L. L.
650 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
You can use your knowledge to get all slots, get.
651 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
652 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Use your knowledge to get.
653 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And so we will.
654 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Take 5 minute bricks probably bring.
655 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And see you after 5 minutes to get.
656 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
657 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We replaced that. Okay.
658 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yes, I was very and let's talk tomorrow.
659 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
It's a possibility today. It's like, well, I have to connect it to a, uh.
660 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What's your name again? So we did.
661 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is it this.
662 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh, see, you have a check, so it'll be fun.
663 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, it was, I didn't get a laptop by. I'm not sure. Uh, anyway, uh.
664 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, I did not bring this, um.
665 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Tomorrow next week you will just finished what time it to be.
666 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
He came up with it because like, the Metro stop.
667 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, this, this meeting there was like a duration you had to take the 1st pass along with it looks like.
668 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
If you come from central point yeah. Yeah.
669 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
85 does it take to come? Okay. Did you lose the cookies?
670 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
They pick a week, basically.
671 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Simple questions yes video.
672 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
673 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, today, uh, lastly, I make it tomorrow everything else. I was doing it yesterday my basic task halfway and, like, it submitted.
674 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Can even add a step for it.
675 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I can get today, right? It is what you want us to.
676 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Are you even me or.
677 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
How do we do this person? Because.
678 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I think it was negative understanding so mine is both the documents.
679 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, it's it's.
680 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Well, I think it.
681 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
All right, so.
682 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
$100.00.
683 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What's our.
684 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
685 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Right.
686 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
687 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
9.
688 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
- minus, I think well, I think.
689 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
690 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yes, both are 1.
691 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Better use the compromise.
692 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
But what is the previous question? Yes. But then you just have found some.
693 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Awesome I had so it gives non server and then they take a note.
694 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay, so what should I do? You can email me.
695 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Um, I had the CPO, so I, I read the same problem in the 1st place.
696 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I I gotcha. Yeah, if you see in the in my student ID, it's like a missing. Okay.
697 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Can you email so you put right there? 1st and then.
698 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Yeah, 1st thing. Okay. Thank you. So, what is the? It's like the Internet.
699 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
That's what it is. The box.
700 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
701 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is our execution.
702 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
I know.
703 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, what it is, you.
704 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay.
705 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Please.
706 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Next week, yes, we can see it.
707 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
708 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Oh.
709 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
What's here?
710 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Uh.
711 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
And that's fine.
712 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Sure, so.
713 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Particularly, I think.
714 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Okay.
715 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Hello.
716 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Huh.
717 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Anything.
718 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
We can, we can remove the.
719 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Was it good? You have to search for it then they know who is doing this.
720 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
No, so let me see.
721 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
So, I came back to not to do anything, huh?
722 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (3390777088)
Is finance oh, stop recording. So that is that is.